[DOCU-3246] 3.2.2.3 changelog (#5673)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

<!-- vale off -->

## 3.2.2.3 

> **Release Date 2023/06/06**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Release Date** 2023/06/06
```

### Fixes

> * Fixed an error with the '/config' endpoint. If 'flatten_errors=1' was set and an invalid config was sent to the endpoint, a 500 error was incorrectly returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an error with the `/config` endpoint. If `flatten_errors=1` was set and an invalid config was sent to the endpoint, a 500 error was incorrectly returned.
```
